content/publication/journal-article/index.md, before:

---
title: "An example journal article"
authors:
- admin
- Robert Ford
author_notes:
- "Equal contribution"
- "Equal contribution"
date: "2015-09-01T00:00:00Z"
doi: ""

# Schedule page publish date (NOT publication's date).
publishDate: "2017-01-01T00:00:00Z"

# Publication type.
# Legend: 0 = Uncategorized; 1 = Conference paper; 2 = Journal article;
# 3 = Preprint / Working Paper; 4 = Report; 5 = Book; 6 = Book section;
# 7 = Thesis; 8 = Patent
publication_types: ["2"]

# Publication name and optional abbreviated publication name.
publication: "*Journal of Source Themes, 1*(1)"
publication_short: ""

abstract: Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit. Duis posuere tellus ac convallis placerat. Proin tincidunt magna sed ex sollicitudin condimentum. Sed ac faucibus dolor, scelerisque sollicitudin nisi. Cras purus urna, suscipit quis sapien eu, pulvinar tempor diam. Quisque risus orci, mollis id ante sit amet, gravida egestas nisl. Sed ac tempus magna. Proin in dui enim. Donec condimentum, sem id dapibus fringilla, tellus enim condimentum arcu, nec volutpat est felis vel metus. Vestibulum sit amet erat at nulla eleifend gravida.

# Summary. An optional shortened abstract.
summary: Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit. Duis posuere tellus ac convallis placerat. Proin tincidunt magna sed ex sollicitudin condimentum.

tags:
- Source Themes
featured: false

# links:
# - name: ""
#   url: ""
url_pdf: http://arxiv.org/pdf/1512.04133v1
url_code: 'https://github.com/wowchemy/wowchemy-hugo-themes'
url_dataset: ''
url_poster: ''
url_project: ''
url_slides: ''
url_source: ''
url_video: ''

# Featured image
# To use, add an image named `featured.jpg/png` to your page's folder. 
image:
  caption: 'Image credit: [**Unsplash**](https://unsplash.com/photos/jdD8gXaTZsc)'
  focal_point: ""
  preview_only: false

# Associated Projects (optional).
#   Associate this publication with one or more of your projects.
#   Simply enter your project's folder or file name without extension.
#   E.g. `internal-project` references `content/project/internal-project/index.md`.
#   Otherwise, set `projects: []`.
projects: []

# Slides (optional).
#   Associate this publication with Markdown slides.
#   Simply enter your slide deck's filename without extension.
#   E.g. `slides: "example"` references `content/slides/example/index.md`.
#   Otherwise, set `slides: ""`.
slides: example
---

{{% callout note %}}
Click the *Cite* button above to demo the feature to enable visitors to import publication metadata into their reference management software.
{{% /callout %}}

{{% callout note %}}
Create your slides in Markdown - click the *Slides* button to check out the example.
{{% /callout %}}

Supplementary notes can be added here, including [code, math, and images](https://wowchemy.com/docs/writing-markdown-latex/).

Commit message:

Update to new version of hugo

content/publication/journal-article/index.md, after:

---
title: "An example journal article"
authors:
- admin
- Robert Ford
author_notes:
- "Equal contribution"
- "Equal contribution"
date: "2015-09-01T00:00:00Z"
doi: ""

# Schedule page publish date (NOT publication's date).
publishDate: "2017-01-01T00:00:00Z"

# Publication type.
# Accepts a single type but formatted as a YAML list (for Hugo requirements).
# Enter a publication type from the CSL standard.
publication_types: ["article-journal"]

# Publication name and optional abbreviated publication name.
publication: "*Journal of Source Themes, 1*(1)"
publication_short: ""

abstract: Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit. Duis posuere tellus ac convallis placerat. Proin tincidunt magna sed ex sollicitudin condimentum. Sed ac faucibus dolor, scelerisque sollicitudin nisi. Cras purus urna, suscipit quis sapien eu, pulvinar tempor diam. Quisque risus orci, mollis id ante sit amet, gravida egestas nisl. Sed ac tempus magna. Proin in dui enim. Donec condimentum, sem id dapibus fringilla, tellus enim condimentum arcu, nec volutpat est felis vel metus. Vestibulum sit amet erat at nulla eleifend gravida.

# Summary. An optional shortened abstract.
summary: Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit. Duis posuere tellus ac convallis placerat. Proin tincidunt magna sed ex sollicitudin condimentum.

tags:
- Source Themes
featured: false

# links:
# - name: ""
#   url: ""
url_pdf: http://arxiv.org/pdf/1512.04133v1
url_code: 'https://github.com/HugoBlox/hugo-blox-builder'
url_dataset: ''
url_poster: ''
url_project: ''
url_slides: ''
url_source: ''
url_video: ''

# Featured image
# To use, add an image named `featured.jpg/png` to your page's folder. 
image:
  caption: 'Image credit: [**Unsplash**](https://unsplash.com/photos/jdD8gXaTZsc)'
  focal_point: ""
  preview_only: false

# Associated Projects (optional).
#   Associate this publication with one or more of your projects.
#   Simply enter your project's folder or file name without extension.
#   E.g. `internal-project` references `content/project/internal-project/index.md`.
#   Otherwise, set `projects: []`.
projects: []

# Slides (optional).
#   Associate this publication with Markdown slides.
#   Simply enter your slide deck's filename without extension.
#   E.g. `slides: "example"` references `content/slides/example/index.md`.
#   Otherwise, set `slides: ""`.
slides: example
---

{{% callout note %}}
Click the *Cite* button above to demo the feature to enable visitors to import publication metadata into their reference management software.
{{% /callout %}}

{{% callout note %}}
Create your slides in Markdown - click the *Slides* button to check out the example.
{{% /callout %}}

Add the publication's **full text** or **supplementary notes** here. You can use rich formatting such as including [code, math, and images](https://docs.hugoblox.com/content/writing-markdown-latex/).
