content/event/example/index.md, before:

---
title: Example Talk

event: Wowchemy Conference
event_url: https://example.org

location: Wowchemy HQ
address:
  street: 450 Serra Mall
  city: Stanford
  region: CA
  postcode: '94305'
  country: United States

summary: An example talk using Wowchemy's Markdown slides feature.
abstract: 'Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit. Duis posuere tellusac convallis placerat. Proin tincidunt magna sed ex sollicitudin condimentum. Sed ac faucibus dolor, scelerisque sollicitudin nisi. Cras purus urna, suscipit quis sapien eu, pulvinar tempor diam.'

# Talk start and end times.
#   End time can optionally be hidden by prefixing the line with `#`.
date: '2030-06-01T13:00:00Z'
date_end: '2030-06-01T15:00:00Z'
all_day: false

# Schedule page publish date (NOT talk date).
publishDate: '2017-01-01T00:00:00Z'

authors: []
tags: []

# Is this a featured talk? (true/false)
featured: false

image:
  caption: 'Image credit: [**Unsplash**](https://unsplash.com/photos/bzdhc5b3Bxs)'
  focal_point: Right

links:
  - icon: twitter
    icon_pack: fab
    name: Follow
    url: https://twitter.com/georgecushen
url_code: ''
url_pdf: ''
url_slides: ''
url_video: ''

# Markdown Slides (optional).
#   Associate this talk with Markdown slides.
#   Simply enter your slide deck's filename without extension.
#   E.g. `slides = "example-slides"` references `content/slides/example-slides.md`.
#   Otherwise, set `slides = ""`.
slides: example

# Projects (optional).
#   Associate this post with one or more of your projects.
#   Simply enter your project's folder or file name without extension.
#   E.g. `projects = ["internal-project"]` references `content/project/deep-learning/index.md`.
#   Otherwise, set `projects = []`.
projects:
  - example
---

{{% callout note %}}
Click on the **Slides** button above to view the built-in slides feature.
{{% /callout %}}

Slides can be added in a few ways:

- **Create** slides using Wowchemy's [_Slides_](https://wowchemy.com/docs/managing-content/#create-slides) feature and link using `slides` parameter in the front matter of the talk file
- **Upload** an existing slide deck to `static/` and link using `url_slides` parameter in the front matter of the talk file
- **Embed** your slides (e.g. Google Slides) or presentation video on this page using [shortcodes](https://wowchemy.com/docs/writing-markdown-latex/).

Further event details, including [page elements](https://wowchemy.com/docs/writing-markdown-latex/) such as image galleries, can be added to the body of this page.

Commit message:

Update to new version of hugo

content/event/example/index.md, after:

---
title: Example Talk

event: Hugo Blox Builder Conference
event_url: https://example.org

location: Hugo Blox Builder HQ
address:
  street: 450 Serra Mall
  city: Stanford
  region: CA
  postcode: '94305'
  country: United States

summary: An example talk using Hugo Blox Builder's Markdown slides feature.
abstract: 'Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit. Duis posuere tellusac convallis placerat. Proin tincidunt magna sed ex sollicitudin condimentum. Sed ac faucibus dolor, scelerisque sollicitudin nisi. Cras purus urna, suscipit quis sapien eu, pulvinar tempor diam.'

# Talk start and end times.
#   End time can optionally be hidden by prefixing the line with `#`.
date: '2030-06-01T13:00:00Z'
date_end: '2030-06-01T15:00:00Z'
all_day: false

# Schedule page publish date (NOT talk date).
publishDate: '2017-01-01T00:00:00Z'

authors:
  - admin

tags: []

# Is this a featured talk? (true/false)
featured: false

image:
  caption: 'Image credit: [**Unsplash**](https://unsplash.com/photos/bzdhc5b3Bxs)'
  focal_point: Right

#links:
#  - icon: twitter
#    icon_pack: fab
#    name: Follow
#    url: https://twitter.com/georgecushen
url_code: 'https://github.com'
url_pdf: ''
url_slides: 'https://slideshare.net'
url_video: 'https://youtube.com'

# Markdown Slides (optional).
#   Associate this talk with Markdown slides.
#   Simply enter your slide deck's filename without extension.
#   E.g. `slides = "example-slides"` references `content/slides/example-slides.md`.
#   Otherwise, set `slides = ""`.
slides: ""

# Projects (optional).
#   Associate this post with one or more of your projects.
#   Simply enter your project's folder or file name without extension.
#   E.g. `projects = ["internal-project"]` references `content/project/deep-learning/index.md`.
#   Otherwise, set `projects = []`.
projects:
  - example
---

{{% callout note %}}
Click on the **Slides** button above to view the built-in slides feature.
{{% /callout %}}

Slides can be added in a few ways:

- **Create** slides using Hugo Blox Builder's [_Slides_](https://docs.hugoblox.com/reference/content-types/) feature and link using `slides` parameter in the front matter of the talk file
- **Upload** an existing slide deck to `static/` and link using `url_slides` parameter in the front matter of the talk file
- **Embed** your slides (e.g. Google Slides) or presentation video on this page using [shortcodes](https://docs.hugoblox.com/reference/markdown/).

Further event details, including [page elements](https://docs.hugoblox.com/reference/markdown/) such as image galleries, can be added to the body of this page.
